feat: add migration notes for 1.9.0 (#11)
stellio-hub/stellio-docs: docs/admin/upgrading_to_1.9.0.md

# Upgrading to 1.9.0

This note describes changes made by upgrade to Stellio 1.9.0

> ## New endpoint for rights management.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## New endpoints for rights management
```

> Stellio 1.9.0 brings new endpoints to visualize the rights that we have on entities but also to know the groups which we belongs to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Stellio 1.9.0 brings new endpoints to visualize the rights an user has on entities but also to know the groups which he belongs to.
```

### Get authorized entites for the currently authenticated user 

The first endpoint allows you to retrieve the rights for all the entities of the authenticated person.

To do this, you must do a GET on `/ngsi-ld/v1/entityAccessControl/entities`.

The following request parameters are supported: 

>     -  q: to restrict returned entities to the ones with a specific right. Only "rCanRead" and "rCanWrite" and "rCanAdmin" are accepted. A list is accepted (e.g, “q=rCanRead;rCanWrite”). This request parameter does not work when user are stellio admin. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    -  `q`: to restrict returned entities to the ones with a specific right. Only "rCanRead" and "rCanWrite" and "rCanAdmin" are accepted. A list is accepted (e.g, “q=rCanRead;rCanWrite”). This request parameter does not work when user is Stellio admin. 
```

>     -  type: to restrict returned entities to a given entity type 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    -  `type`: to restrict returned entities to a given entity type 
```

>     - options: with the sysAttrs value to get the system attributes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `options`: use `sysAttrs` value to get the system attributes.
```

        “right”: { 
            “type”: “Property”, 
            “value”: “rCanAdmin” 
        }, 
        “specificAccessPolicy”: { 
            “type”: “Property”, 
            “value”: “AUTH_READ” 
        }, 
        @context: […] 
    }
    ```
The body contains id, type, datasetId, right and specificAccessPolicy. 

    2) If user is admin of the returned entity the body will be under this form: 

    ```
    { 
        “id”:…, 
        “type”:…, 
        “datasetId”:…, 
        “right”: { 
            “type”: “Property”, 
            “value”: “rCanAdmin” 
        }, 
        “specificAccessPolicy”: { 
            “type”: “Property”, 
            “value”: “AUTH_READ” 
        }, 
        “rCanRead”: [  
            {  
                “type”: “Relationship”,  
                “object”: “urn:ngsi-ld:User:01”     
            }, 
            {  
                “type”: “Relationship”,  
                “object”: “urn:ngsi-ld:User:02”  
            } 
        ], 
        “rCanWrite”: [ 
            … 
        ], 
        “rCanAdmin”: [ 
         … 
        ], 
        @context: […] 
    }
    ```
    The body also contains the users who have right on it.  

>     3) If user use stellio without authentification the response sent the status 204 no content. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    3) If user use Stellio without authentification, a 204 (No content) response code is returned.
```

### Get groups the currently authenticated user belongs to 

This endpoint allows you to retrieve the groups which we belongs to.

To do this, you must do a GET on `/ngsi-ld/v1/entityAccessControl/groups`.

Then there are several possible answers:

    1) If user is not admin : 

    ```
    { 
        “id”:…, 
        “type”:…, 
        “name”: { 
            “type”: “Property”, 
            “value”: “egm” 
        }, 
        context: […] 
    }
    ```
    The body contains id, type and name of the group. 

>     2) If user is not admin, all groups are returned:

Reviewer: is admin instead?

Author: yes indeed

    ```
    { 
        “id”:…, 
        “type”:…, 
        “name”: { 
            “type”: “Property”, 
            “value”: “egm” 
         }, 
        “isMemberOf”: { 
            “type”: “Property”, 
            “value”: “true” 
        }, 
        @context: […] 
    }
    ```

>     The body contains id, type, name of the group and if user are member of this group. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The body contains id, type, name of the group and if user is member of this group. 
```

>     3) If user use stellio without authentification the response sent the status 204 no content. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    3) If user use Stellio without authentification, a 204 (No content) response code is returned.
```
